Minor formatting proposals (#78)
QGEP/docs: en/user-guide/digitizing/dataentry.rst

General
-------

> Enable the **Reuse last entered attribute values** option (``Settings`` -> ``Options`` -> ``Digitizing``) in QGIS 3. 

Reviewer: Just checked, that's the correct formatting for menus selections

```suggestion
Enable the **Reuse last entered attribute values** option in :menuselection:`Settings --> Options --> Digitizing`. 
```
